Python Standard LibraryThe python standard Library contains the exact syntex, semantics, and tokens of python. It contains built-in modules that provide access to basis system functionality  like I/O and some other core modules. Most of the python Libraries are written in the C programming language. The python standard Library consists of more than 200 core modules. All these work together to make python a high level programming language. Python standard Library plays a very important role. Without it, the progammers can’t have access to the functionalities of python. But other than this, there are several other libraries in python that a programmer’s life easier. Let’s have a look at some of the commonly used libraries:

1.	TensorFlow: This library was developed by Google in collaboration with the Brain Team. Its is an open source library used for high level computations. It is also used in machine learning and deep learning algorithms. It contains a python library to solve complex computations in mathematics and physics.
2.	Matplotlib: This library is responsible for plotting numerical data. And that’s why it is used in data analysis. It is also an open-source library and plots high-defined figures like pie charts, histograms, scatterplots, graphs.etc.
3.	Pandas: pandas are an important library for data scientists. It is an open-source machine learning library that provides flexible high-level data structures and a variety of analysis tools. It eases data analysis, data manipulation and cleaning of data. Pandas support operations like sorting, Re-indexing, iteration, concatenation, conversion of data, visualizations, Aggregations. Etc.
4.	Numpy: The name “Numpy” stands for “Numerical Python”. It is the commonly used library. It is a popular machine learning library that supports large matrics and multi-dimensional data. It consists of in-built mathematical functions for easy computations. Even libraries like TensorFlow use Numpy internally to perform several operatons on tensors. Array interface is one of the key features of this library.
5.	Scipy: The name “Scipy” stands for “scientific Python”. It is an open-source library used of high-level scientific computations. This library to handle is built over an extension of Numpy. It works with numpy to handle complex computations. While numpy to hadle complex computations. While numpy allows sorting and indexting of array data. The numerical data code is stored in scipy. It is also widely used by application developers and engineers.
6.	Scrapy: It is an open-source library that is used for extracting data from websites. It provides very fast web crawling and high-level screen scraping. It can also be used for data mining and automated testing of data.
7.	Scikit-learn: it is a famous python library to work with complex data. Scikit-learn is an open source library that supports machine learning. It supports variously supervised and unsupervised algorithms like linear regression. Classification, clustering, etc. This library works in association with numpy and scipy.
8.	
